[INTRO]

A:Hi, we're Blubber Bread Annihilation Drill and today we chose to solve the ICU Hand Sanitizing Recognition System. We're here to talk to you about our project: []

G: With hospital acquired infections accounting for over 100,000 deaths,  ensuring that people go into ICUs with clean hands could save lives. Our solution is simple and
eLeGanT, taking advantage of something we are starting to see everywhere thanks to the pandemic: hand sanitizing dispensers.

[Maybe have some B-roll]

A: Hand santizer dispensers aren't uncommon, usually featured outside of most doors, but they're often overlooked, blending into the background. Our solution aims to solve that. 
Put a sensor on the dispenser, and a sensor on the door. Ideally, someone would use the dispenser, clean their hands, and then touch the door... and all would be well. 
But if some naughty little rascal decides to open the door without sanitizing, BAM. We kill them on the spot.

[start showing the technology]

J: Okay, so that might be a little extreme, but we needed some reminder, so instead of murder, our idea instead opts for flashing a disparaging message on a screen on the door.
We didn't want it to be some stuffy "Please wash your hands" because people would start ignoring that very quickly. Instead, by giving the messages some more flavor,
they become harder to forget [show different messages].


I: Now, given the constraints of our situation, we had to scale this situation down. Instead of a big screen on a door, we have a lil baby LCD. And the buttons are force sensors
attatched to the Arduino. 

[Explaining Code Time, maybe scroll through the well commented code]

I: Our code does two key things: it ensures that the hand sanitizer is used before the door is opened (lest the user be prompted with some choice words), and it tracks how many
times people use the hand sanitizer and then open the door [maybe put compliance on the screen] and how many times people ignore the messages and just open the door
[non-compliance]. This data can be stored away so that officials can monitor how compliant people are with the system.
[Maaaybbeeee have Jenny talk about the code if that's possible and she can]

[Ending]
G: We here at Blubber Bread Annihiliation Drill hope that our little solution can cause big changes in healthcare. The tools to keep our hands sanitized already exist: all
that needs to happen is a system that gets people to actually use them. By giving those who forget to hand sanitize disparaging messages, we've create a system that encourages
cleanliness without compromising privacy or requiring changes to existing infrastructure!












